0.1.1 Patch Notes

Added Bounce180 enemy:
Enemy moves in a direction horizontally or vertically. Upon collision it should reverse and
move in the opposite direction.

Added Chaser enemy:
Enemy chases the player nonstop. Is intended to be spawned by the "Chaser Spawner" that
continually produces the Chaser enemy.

Added Damage Logic:
If the player takes any sort of damage, a "game over" UI will load, forcing the player to either
restart the level or exit the game.
Player takes damage currently only by coming into contact with the "Chaser" or "bounce180" enemies

Added Game Over UI:
This UI consists of two buttons, Restart and Quit. Restart calls a function that restarts the level
completely, the same as if the level is being loaded for the first time. So all objects and game states
should be as if the level has been started for the first time.
The Quit button exits out of the level completely.

Added Level Cleared UI:
This UI consists of two buttons, Next Level and Quit
Currently the "Next Level" button restarts the current level, no "Next Level" functionality has been
added.
The Quit button exits out of the level completely.

Added "Chip" (will be battery in later builds):
This object is collected by the player and stored in a variable to be referenced by the "Gate".
The object should merely increment the variable by 1, and then delete itself when the player touches
it. 

Added Gate:
When the player collides with this object, it should call the "Level Cleared UI" if the requirements
are met (if any).
Note: I am currently planning to have this object automatically set the required number of
chips/batteries to the number of chips/batteries placed in the level for ease of use. So if there are
4 chips/batteries in the level, all will need to be collected. If there are 0, then the gate will
activate immediately once the player reaches it.

Additional Change:
Adjusted Player Character to have a short acceleration time in movement to make movement look/feel
more natural.

